[enterprise-4.7] Network policy Ingress Controller host network support (#34404)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-7-release-notes.adoc

Configuration must occur before scheduling pods.
====

> [id="ocp-4-8-network-policy-host-network-ingress-controllers"]

Author: Oops, change to 4-7.

==== Network policy supports selecting host network Ingress Controllers

When using the OpenShift SDN or OVN-Kubernetes cluster network providers, you can select traffic from Ingress Controllers in a network policy rule regardless of whether an Ingress Controller runs on the cluster network or the host network.
In a network policy rule, the `network.openshift.io/policy-group: ingress` namespace selector matches traffic from an Ingress Controller.

In earlier releases of {product-title} the following limitations existed:

> - A cluster using the OpenShift SDN cluster network provider could select traffic from an Ingress Controller on the host network only by applying the `network.openshift.io/policy-group: ingress` label to the `default` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A cluster that uses the OpenShift SDN cluster network provider could select traffic from an Ingress Controller on the host network only by applying the `network.openshift.io/policy-group: ingress` label to the `default` namespace.
```

> ! using noun
To avoid ambiguity, replace this gerund with either "by using" or "that uses".

Also, remember that this is one of the only acceptable uses of "could."

> - A cluster using the OVN-Kubernetes cluster network provider could not select traffic from an Ingress Controller on the host network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A cluster that uses the OVN-Kubernetes cluster network provider could not select traffic from an Ingress Controller on the host network.
```

For more information, refer to xref:../networking/network_policy/about-network-policy.adoc#about-network-policy[About network policy].

> [id="ocp-4-8-network-policy-host-network-policy-group"]

Author: Also 4-7.
